update normalize_path middleware (#695)
meilisearch/MeiliSearch: CHANGELOG.md

  - Fix url trailing slash and double slash issues (#659)
  - Fix accept all Content-Type by default (#653)
  - Return the error message from Serde when a deserialization error is encountered (#661)

>   - Fix set dashboard accessible (#695)

Reviewer: What does this mean?
```suggestion
  - Make the dashboard accessible when a master key is used (#695)
```

Author: if I change it to `Fix NormalizePath middleware to set dashboard accessible`? I changed the NormalizePath middleware because the last one always remove the last `/` and for the dashboard route, that is only a `/`, the router never found it.

>   - Fix NormalizePath middleware to set dashboard accessible (#695)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Fix NormalizePath middleware to make the dashboard accessible (#695)
```
